Keith Hunter is regarded nationally as one of the leading authorities in training design.
He, as co-founder of Core Principles, brings 30 years of experience in the coaching,
consulting & deep tissue massage into our organisation. Most noted for his 20 years
as a member of the Track and Field coaching staff at Sale Harriers Manchester.
He was the mastermind behind 4 English School gold medallists in 2011 after
realising how important deep tissue was to the success of his athletes

Education

Therapist Qualification
Mobilis Stabilise Phase 'British Athletics'
Mobilis Normalise Phase 'British Athletics'
Mobilis Functionalise Phase 'British Athletics'
Strength and conditioning 'British Athletics'
Biomechanical Assesement 'Sporting Therapy Organisation'
Myofascial Realease Structural Integration Techniques
'Sporting Therapy Organisation'
Level 4 British Athletics Coach
Strength & Conditioning
Pregnacy Massage
Swedish Massage
Sports Massage
Deep Tissue Massage
Career
Keith earned his bachelor degree at Leeds University in Graphic design. He graduated in 1982

Personal Achievements

Hunter has also been a prominent figure on the international scene, having coached 400m Clovis Asong to European, Commonwealth junior Championships, and Lee Whiteley to a Bronze medal at the 2013 World Championships in France. He also coaches 100-200 English schools double gold medallist, Roy Ejiakuekwu, ranked 1st in the UK in 2012, and English Schools 3 times winner Amy Williams. He has coached 33 English schools gold medallists, and has served on coaching staffs for England athletics at the 2012 Loughborough International, Head jumps coach for British Athletics (Paralympics), and is part of the team staff at the last 5 UK School Games.

As impressive as Hunters accomplishments are on the track & field, he has been just as successful off the track. He is certified at Level I, II and III, and has been voted ambassador for the Sports Therapy Organisation. He was part of the England Athletics Local Coach Mentoring Program.

Hunter currently serves as the Lead jumps coach for Sale Harriers, based in Manchester. He also instructs biomechanics, training design, and event specific courses.

An educator by profession and a mentor of several coaches, he has been very active in curriculum development for Coaching Education programs, and has lectured nationally on speed/power training programs, biomechanics, track and field specific training and rehabilitation.

He has also been very active in the consulting field, working in Football player development and combine prep from 2013 to the present, and consulting for individuals, high school programs, college programs, and several NGBs in the areas of training design, jump improvement, speed training, rehabilitations, and specialised programs for football, basketball, Rugby, and Trampolining.

Prior to his coaching and international athletes, Hunter is a successful Graphic Designer and Author for the The Business in Manchester and co wrote the psychological thriller called Scannan.

 